= jIMDB

Copyright (c) 2010 Mridang Agarwalla

A Java interface to IMDB.com

IMDB is great resource for infomation on tv shows and movies. Unfortunely, it
does not provide an API to access it's data. By using jIMDB in your Java program
you can access IMDB.

Please keep in mind that this is a basic interface to IMDB and doesn't support
all the metadata fields found. It simply supports the most widely used fields.

== Usage

Here's a snippet which is used for getting the movie information for a movie

  JIMDB mov0 = new JIMDB();
  mov0.getMovieByID("tt0238380");
  System.out.println(mov0.getTitle());
  System.out.println(mov0.getYear());
  System.out.println(mov0.getRating());
  System.out.println(mov0.getVotes());
  System.out.println(mov0.getGenre());
  System.out.println(mov0.getRuntime());
  System.out.println(mov0.getCinemaDate("Belgium"));

Here's a snippet which is used for getting the movie information for a movie

  JIMDB mov0 = new JIMDB();
  mov0.getTVShowByID("tt0491738");
  System.out.println(mov0.getTitle());
  System.out.println(mov0.getYear());
  System.out.println(mov0.getRating());
  System.out.println(mov0.getVotes());
  System.out.println(mov0.getGenre());
  System.out.println(mov0.getRuntime());
  System.out.println(mov0.getEpisode(3, 3));

== Dependencies

* jSoup 1.4.1

== Configuration

None

== TODO

This is beta software. Several things are on the todo list. if you'd like to see
a new feature, please help by contributing.

== Contributing

Pull requests will be ignored if they don't follow the Git convention of
a 50 character or less subject and optional paragraphs wrapped to 72
characters.

If I provide you with feedback on your pull request, generally you should
squash your changes into the previous commit when submitting a second request.

== License

This program is released under the GNU GPL.

== Contact

Feel free to request new features or provide bug reports.
You can find my email address here.

== Disclaimer

No warranties, expressed or implied.
